.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

# Pull Request

## Proposed Changes

<!--
Please include a summary of the changes and which issue was fixed.
Please also list any dependencies that are required for this change.
-->

## Type of Change

<!--
Please select the desired item checkbox and change it to "[x]", then delete the options that are not relevant
-->

- [ ] Bugfix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New Feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking Change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] Documentation Update

## How has this been tested?

<!--
Please describe the tests you ran to verify your changes.
Provide instructions so that we can replicate your tests.
Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration(s).
-->

### Test Configuration

- Browser type & version:
- Operating system:
- PHP Version:
- Node Version:
- NPM Version:

## Checklist

<!-- Select checkboxes by changing "[ ]" to "[x]" -->

- [ ] I have read the [Contributor's Guide](https://github.com/Ragdata/.github/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) and implemented those parts I needed to
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in areas which are harder to understand
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings

Commit message:

feat(community): update pull request template

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# Pull Request

> 👉 This file is included by default with all of my repositories by virtue of its inclusion in my [`.github`](https://github.com/ragdata/.github) repository, which defines defaults for all other repositories under an account.
>
> `Pull Request Template v-0.1.2`

## Proposed Changes

<!--
Please include a summary of the changes and which issue was fixed.
Please also list any dependencies that are required for this change.
-->

## Type of Change

<!--
Please select the desired item checkbox and change it to "[x]", then delete the options that are not relevant
-->

- [ ] Bugfix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New Feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking Change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] Documentation Update

## How has this been tested?

<!--
Please describe the tests you ran to verify your changes.
Provide instructions so that we can replicate your tests.
Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration(s).
-->

### Test Configuration

- Browser type & version:
- Operating system:
- PHP Version:
- Node Version:
- NPM Version:

## Checklist

<!-- Select checkboxes by changing "[ ]" to "[x]" -->

- [ ] I have read the [Contributor's Guide](https://github.com/Ragdata/.github/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) and implemented those parts I needed to
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in areas which are harder to understand
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
